Review & edit IPA external authentication user story (#3015)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_configuring-the-hammer-cli-to-use-freeipa-user-authentication.adoc

[id="configuring-hammer-cli-to-accept-{FreeIPA-context}-credentials_{context}"]
= Configuring Hammer CLI to accept {FreeIPA} credentials

Configure the {Project} Hammer CLI tool to use {FreeIPA} to authenticate users.

.Prerequisites
* You have enabled {FreeIPA} access to the {Project} API.
See xref:Configuring_FreeIPA_Authentication_on_Server_{context}[].

.Procedure

> In the `~/.hammer/cli.modules.d/foreman.yml` file on your {ProjectServer}, make the following changes:

Reviewer: Maybe
```suggestion
In the `~/.hammer/cli.modules.d/foreman.yml` file on your {ProjectServer}, configure Hammer to enforce session usage:
```
